README.md, before:

This is a "Named Binary Tag" parser & writer, suited for inspecting & editing
the Minecraft data files.

From the initial specification by Markus Persson:
```
NBT (Named Binary Tag) is a tag based binary format designed to carry large
amounts of binary data with smaller amounts of additional data.
An NBT file consists of a single GZIPped Named Tag of type TAG_Compound.
```

Read the current specification on the official [Minecraft Wiki](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/NBT_format).

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/twoolie/NBT.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/#!/twoolie/NBT)
[![Test Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/twoolie/NBT/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/twoolie/NBT)

Usage:
 1) Reading files.

 The easiest way to read an nbt file is to instantiate an NBTFile object e.g.

    >>> import nbt
    >>> nbtfile = nbt.NBTFile("bigtest.nbt",'rb')
    >>> nbtfile.name
    u'Level'
    >>> nbtfile["nested compound test"].tag_info()
    TAG_Compound("nested compound test"): 2 Entries
    >>> for tag in nbtfile["nested compound test"]["ham"].tags:
    ...     print(tag.tag_info())
    ...
    TAG_String("name"): Hampus
    TAG_Float("value"): 0.75
    >>> [tag.value for tag in nbtfile["listTest (long)"].value]
    [11, 12, 13, 14, 15]

 Files can also be read from a fileobj (file-like object that contains a compressed
 stream) or a buffer (file-like object that contains an uncompressed stream of NBT
 Tags) which can be accomplished thusly:

    >>> import nbt
    >>> nbtfile = NBTFile(fileobj=previously_opened_file)
    # or....
    >>> nbtfile = NBTFile(buffer=net_socket.makefile())

 2) Writing files.

 Writing files is easy too! if you have a NBTFile object, simply call it's
 write_file() method. If the NBTFile was instantiated with a filename, then
 write_file needs no extra arguments. It just works. If however you created a new
 file object from scratch (or even if you just want to save it somewhere else)
 call write_file('path\to\new\file.nbt')

    >>> import nbt
    >>> nbtfile = nbt.NBTFile("bigtest.nbt",'rb')
    >>> nbtfile["listTest (compound)"].tags[0]["name"].value = "Different name"
    >>> nbtfile.write_file("newnbtfile.nbt")

 It is also possible to write to a buffer or fileobj using the same keyword args.

    >>> nbtfile.write_file(fileobj = my_file) #compressed
    >>> nbtfile.write_file(buffer = sock.makefile()) #uncompressed

 3) Creating files

 Creating files is trickier but ultimately should give you no issue, as long as
 you have read the NBT spec (hint.. it's very short). Also be sure to note that
 the NBTFile object is actually a TAG_Compound with some wrapper features, so
 you can use all the standard tag features

    >>> from nbt import *
    >>> nbtfile = NBTFile()

 first, don't forget to name the top level tag

    >>> nbtfile.name = "My Top Level Tag"
    >>> nbtfile.tags.append(TAG_Float(name="My Float Name", value=3.152987593947))
    >>> mylist = TAG_List(name="TestList", type=TAG_Long) #type needs to be pre-declared!
    >>> mylist.tags.append(TAG_Long(100))
    >>> mylist.tags.extend([TAG_Long(120),TAG_Long(320),TAG_Long(19)])
    >>> nbtfile.tags.append(mylist)
    >>> print(nbtfile.pretty_tree())
    TAG_Compound("My Top Level Tag"): 2 Entries
    {
        TAG_Float("My Float Name"): 3.15298759395
        TAG_List("TestList"): 4 entries of type TAG_Long
        {
            TAG_Long: 100
            TAG_Long: 120
            TAG_Long: 320
            TAG_Long: 19
        }
    }
    >>> nbtfile["TestList"].tags.sort(key = lambda tag: tag.value)
    >>> print(nbtfile.pretty_tree())
    TAG_Compound("My Top Level Tag"): 2 Entries
    {
        TAG_Float("My FloatName"): 3.15298759395
        TAG_List("TestList"): 4 entries of type TAG_Long
        {
            TAG_Long: 19
            TAG_Long: 100
            TAG_Long: 120
            TAG_Long: 320
        }
    }
    >>> nbtfile.write_file("mynbt.dat")

Commit message:

Update Python releases support
Added 3.7, removed 3.3 and 3.4.
Removed unused TP Zip packages from Travis config.
Updated README.

Issue #104

README.md, after:

# The NBT library for Python

## Forewords

This is a `Named Binary Tag` parser & writer, suited for inspecting & editing
the Minecraft data files.

From the initial specification by Markus Persson:
```
NBT (Named Binary Tag) is a tag based binary format designed to carry large
amounts of binary data with smaller amounts of additional data.
An NBT file consists of a single GZIPped Named Tag of type TAG_Compound.
```

Read the current specification on the official [Minecraft Wiki](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/NBT_format).


## Status

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/twoolie/NBT.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/#!/twoolie/NBT)
[![Test Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/twoolie/NBT/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/twoolie/NBT)


## Dependencies

The library, the tests and the examples are only using the Python core library, except `curl` for downloading
some test reference data and `PIL` (Python Imaging Library) for the `map` example.

Supported Python releases: 2.7, 3.5, 3.6 and 3.7.


## Usage

 1) Reading files.

 The easiest way to read an nbt file is to instantiate an NBTFile object e.g.

    >>> import nbt
    >>> nbtfile = nbt.NBTFile("bigtest.nbt",'rb')
    >>> nbtfile.name
    u'Level'
    >>> nbtfile["nested compound test"].tag_info()
    TAG_Compound("nested compound test"): 2 Entries
    >>> for tag in nbtfile["nested compound test"]["ham"].tags:
    ...     print(tag.tag_info())
    ...
    TAG_String("name"): Hampus
    TAG_Float("value"): 0.75
    >>> [tag.value for tag in nbtfile["listTest (long)"].value]
    [11, 12, 13, 14, 15]

 Files can also be read from a fileobj (file-like object that contains a compressed
 stream) or a buffer (file-like object that contains an uncompressed stream of NBT
 Tags) which can be accomplished thusly:

    >>> import nbt
    >>> nbtfile = NBTFile(fileobj=previously_opened_file)
    # or....
    >>> nbtfile = NBTFile(buffer=net_socket.makefile())

 2) Writing files.

 Writing files is easy too! if you have a NBTFile object, simply call it's
 write_file() method. If the NBTFile was instantiated with a filename, then
 write_file needs no extra arguments. It just works. If however you created a new
 file object from scratch (or even if you just want to save it somewhere else)
 call write_file('path\to\new\file.nbt')

    >>> import nbt
    >>> nbtfile = nbt.NBTFile("bigtest.nbt",'rb')
    >>> nbtfile["listTest (compound)"].tags[0]["name"].value = "Different name"
    >>> nbtfile.write_file("newnbtfile.nbt")

 It is also possible to write to a buffer or fileobj using the same keyword args.

    >>> nbtfile.write_file(fileobj = my_file) #compressed
    >>> nbtfile.write_file(buffer = sock.makefile()) #uncompressed

 3) Creating files

 Creating files is trickier but ultimately should give you no issue, as long as
 you have read the NBT spec (hint.. it's very short). Also be sure to note that
 the NBTFile object is actually a TAG_Compound with some wrapper features, so
 you can use all the standard tag features

    >>> from nbt import *
    >>> nbtfile = NBTFile()

 first, don't forget to name the top level tag

    >>> nbtfile.name = "My Top Level Tag"
    >>> nbtfile.tags.append(TAG_Float(name="My Float Name", value=3.152987593947))
    >>> mylist = TAG_List(name="TestList", type=TAG_Long) #type needs to be pre-declared!
    >>> mylist.tags.append(TAG_Long(100))
    >>> mylist.tags.extend([TAG_Long(120),TAG_Long(320),TAG_Long(19)])
    >>> nbtfile.tags.append(mylist)
    >>> print(nbtfile.pretty_tree())
    TAG_Compound("My Top Level Tag"): 2 Entries
    {
        TAG_Float("My Float Name"): 3.15298759395
        TAG_List("TestList"): 4 entries of type TAG_Long
        {
            TAG_Long: 100
            TAG_Long: 120
            TAG_Long: 320
            TAG_Long: 19
        }
    }
    >>> nbtfile["TestList"].tags.sort(key = lambda tag: tag.value)
    >>> print(nbtfile.pretty_tree())
    TAG_Compound("My Top Level Tag"): 2 Entries
    {
        TAG_Float("My FloatName"): 3.15298759395
        TAG_List("TestList"): 4 entries of type TAG_Long
        {
            TAG_Long: 19
            TAG_Long: 100
            TAG_Long: 120
            TAG_Long: 320
        }
    }
    >>> nbtfile.write_file("mynbt.dat")
